# MEETING 9/15/2025

MEETING 9/15/2025

Date and Time: 9/15/2025 5:00 PM

In Attendance: EVERYBODY

Location: Orange Study Room Scott Hall

Old Business: None

New Business:

* Presentation work  
  * Roles  
  * Vision  
  * Tech Stack  
  * Timeline

Additional Notes:

* Record meeting 9/16 @ 7:00

# MEETING 9/29/2025

MEETING 9/29/2025

Date and Time: 9/29/2025 5:00 PM

In Attendance: EVERYBODY

Location: Orange Study Room Scott Hall

Old Business: 

* Presentation \-\> Went well

New Business:

* Requirements Assignment ([https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gefc\_Ihl9lrLDDDKFLPPVu6pbZL6qgR4/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gefc_Ihl9lrLDDDKFLPPVu6pbZL6qgR4/edit))   
* Started with identifying stakeholders and functional/nonfunctional requirements  
* Assigned requirements to each team member to work on

Additional Notes:

* Finish work next Monday

# MEETING 10/06/2025

MEETING 10/06/2025

Date and Time: 10/06/2025 5:00 PM

In Attendance: EVERYBODY

Location: Design Studio Scott Hall

Old Business: 

* Requirements have been fleshed out

New Business:

* Requirements validation  
* Add the SRS forms to the GitHub repository using Issues  
* Submit all necessary documents

Additional Notes:

* 

# MEETING 10/27/2025

MEETING 10/27/2025

Date and Time: 10/27/2025 5:00 PM

In Attendance: EVERYBODY

Location: Design Studio Scott Hall

Old Business: 

* Review issues and requirements

New Business:

* Figure out next week of work  
* Assign each teammates tasks  
* Wireframe using Figma

Additional Notes:

* Split up group → frontend/backend  
* Have one group working on foundational (frontend) components: landing page, project selection page, tutorials ([https://www.jflap.org/tutorial/](https://www.jflap.org/tutorial/)), features  
  * Members:   
    * Janny (landing page), Jordan (project selection page), Callum (tutorials), Jossen (features)  
  * Meeting:   
    * Honestly… maybe just next Monday lol  
* Have one group working on specific functions: grammars, regex, finite automata, turing machines  
  * Members:  
    * Reid, Logan, Anthony  
  * Meet at 2 PM on Friday

# MEETING 11/03/2025

MEETING 11/03/2025

Date and Time: 11/03/2025 5:00 PM

In Attendance: EVERYBODY

Location: Design Studio Scott Hall

Old Business: 

* Homepage, Grammars, and Brute Force Parse have been mainly fleshed out

New Business:

* Figure out next week of work  
  * Get basic automaton canvas placements/deletion/arrows working, functionality not 100% important right now  
  * Features page  
  * Tutorials page for brute force grammar  
* Get basic automatons page working  
* Record video for Sprint 1 on Wednesday at 5 PM

Additional Notes:

* Everyone explain their part of the web application  
  * One person should re-introduce our project  
  * Then lead into each person’s contribution

